Okay, the second to the last process of our
table is we're going to sand it. Sanding is
probably the biggest pain to do, but it's
one of the most important things to really
finish your piece out. With that I'm going
to use a palm sander. What I've done is I've
selected two different grits of sandpaper.
The way if you notice these numbers here I've
got 220 and 150. The smaller the number like
80 grit is very rough, the higher the number
the finer the grit is to finish it up. Now,
a lot of carpenters, high end carpenters they'll
go from the 60 grit up to like a 325 grit.
I basically use just these two. Something
like this, the fact that I used plywood and
scrap wood I'm kind of what they call a paint
grade wood. In other words I want to sand
all these lines out and get rid of a lot of
the discrepancies, but what I've got is a
situation where the staining might not look
the best. Probably the best thing to do is
to paint it. So we're going to start out with
the 150, it's a nice in between side
and just sand away.